2.5. In reality, Facebook uses neither an array nor a linked list to store user information. Let’s consider a hybrid data structure: an array of linked lists. You have an array with 26 slots. Each slot points to a linked list. For example, the first slot in the array points to a linked list containing all the usernames starting with A. The second slot points to a linked list containing all the usernames starting with B, and so on. Suppose Adit B signs up for Facebook, and you want to add them to the list. You go to slot 1 in the array, go to the linked list for slot 1, and add Adit B at the end. Now, suppose you want to search for Zakhir H. You go to slot 26, which points to a linked list of all the Z names. Then you search through that list to find Zakhir H. Compare this hybrid data structure to arrays and linked lists. Is it slower or faster than each for searching and inserting? You don’t have to give big O run times, just whether the new data structure would be faster or slower.

> For searching, this hybrid data structure would be slower than arrays, which is capable of direct random access. For searching, arrays are capable of direct random access, so this hybrid data structure would take more time given that it would have to do sequential access going through linked lists. It would still be faster than linked lists though, as it'd be able to at least random access the first letter of the name.
>
> For inserting, the hybrid data structure would take about the same time as linked lists, given that its array structure would remain unchanged, free of inserts, as it already has 26 slots for each letter of the alphabet. It would be faster than arrays though, since its linked lists structures would be capable of quickly inserting new elements by simply modifying the address to which the previous elements are pointing to, without having to move the others (as arrays would have to).
